Suppose that Alice sends a zip file that compresses her message to Bob. The 
zip file is protected as it is locked with the password that Alice has chosen. Of 
course, Alice does not want the password to be revealed to anyone. So, Alice 
decides to encrypt the password (for the zip file) using a symmetric 
encryption algorithm that takes six-digit PIN as input to create a secret 
symmetric key and encrypt the password, (She believed that it was secure as 
the length of the derived secret key was 256 bits.) and to send the resulting 
ciphertext along with the protected zip file to Bob. Let us call the resulting 
ciphertext “PWDCiphertext”. Since Alice told Bob what the six-digit PIN was 
over the phone, Bob could decrypt the received PWDCiphertext and get the 
password for unlocking the protected zip file to recover Alice’s message. 

However, Charlie, the hacker, was able to capture PWDCiphertext and crack 
the password to unlock the protected zip file! Now, Alice’s message to Bob is 
at Charlie’s hand too. 
• Your task   
Your task is to write a Python program for Charlie to crack the password for 
the protected zip file from PWDCiphertext. Once you have found the 
password the protected zip file, unzip it and recover Alice’s message.  
To complete the above task, three files are given in the assignment folder on 
Moodle:  - - - 
protected_file.zip:  This is the protected zip file that compresses 
Alice’s message (to Bob) using the password Alice chose. 
PWDCiphertext.text:  This is the ciphertext of the password. (In other 
words, PWDCiphertext is created by encrypting the password for the 
protected file.)   
EncryptPWD.py:  This is the Python code for encrypting the password for 
the protected file. Note that a 6-digit PIN is used as a symmetric key to 
encrypt the password (for the protected file) in this encryption program.

 modify the given code Q2_start.py to write your program. 
After completing code,  rename it to Q2_answer.py. - - - - 
The code should be able to output the found PIN (6 digit) and the 
password for the protected file on screen.  

program must be compliable using Python3.